Good to see you, Sungjip.
I was surprised to get a call from you.
What's the occasion?
What, we can't even call each other now?
When you were on our campaign team,
we used to talk on the phone every day,
didn't we?
This used to be
such a nice place, didn't it?
But look at it now.
Those damn Arrowhead fanatics.
Can we cut to the chase?
All those years at Sodo
seem to have made you
quite harsh.
How is your tae kwon do center doing?
And are your kids well?
You didn't call me here to ask me that.
How should I put this in simple words?
I want you
to kidnap Park Jungja.
Isn't the government working with
the New Truth on matters involving her?
That's right.
The Arrowhead has attained greater power,
so our plan was to return some of it
to the New Truth.
But then we realized
we shouldn't give the New Truth
all that power.
What do you mean?
See? I told you it wasn't a simple matter.
Listen.
If the New Truth announces
a new doctrine through Park Jungja,
all the attention will be on them.
In the meantime,
we'll weaken the Arrowhead's power.
If they make one final effort to resist,
we could wipe them out all at once.
So why do you want us
to kidnap Park Jungja?
Park Jungja is the protagonist.
She's not some abstract concept
or doctrine.
She's a person of flesh and blood,
just like us.
She was the protagonist
in the first chapter that shook the world.
Now she's the protagonist in the story
of restoring order to the world.
A story with such a strong character
doesn't fall apart easily,
which means the New Truth's power
will keep growing indefinitely
as long as they have Park Jungja.
But if Sodo takes her away from them,
Sodo will physically have Park Jungja,
and the New Truth will have her influence.
That's how
you would share her. It's beautiful.
Why do you make things so difficult?
The government
should just take Park Jungja
and announce that these phenomena
aren't related to human behavior.
The president must be quite determined
if you're planning something like this!
You're still as naive as ever, Sungjip.
Sungjip.
What do you think people have craved most
in the history of humanity?
Any ideas?
It's God's punishment that can be seen…
in the real world.
Witnessing villains crying in fear,
confessing and repenting their sins,
and getting torn apart…
People have already tasted the pleasure
of seeing those things,
and you want the government
to take that away from them?
There will be a significant aversion
to public authority.
So what is it that you want?
The thing about people is
that when one idea starts dominating,
they are bound to feel
an urge to oppose it.
If we fail to keep
those urges under control,
terrorist groups like the Arrowhead
will spring up everywhere.
So what we want
is a world where two opposing ideologies,
ones we can regulate,
are locked in an endless battle.
A world that we can control,
yet one that still grants people
some level of freedom
to express themselves,
follow their passions, and so on.
A world with order, you know.
We didn't make all those sacrifices
to pass down that kind of world.
It seems you're no longer
the woman of principle I once worked for.
I'm going to go now.
Pass down what?
Look.
The world is already ruined.
What will be left to pass down?
Hey, Sungjip. Kim Sungjip!
Even if the world turns
into a fucking hell,
we still need a system to sustain it!
That's the best world
you could possibly create for your kids.
Do you hear me?
Even if we kidnapped Park Jungja,
we wouldn't be able to keep her.
Why? Because of Min Hyejin?
She will try to take her to her family.
I know.
I used to like her, you know.
I even wanted her to represent our party.
But that was back in the good old days.
Things are different now.
Min Hyejin has nothing to lose
except her principles.
But we are different.
You and I still have
a lot of people we cannot lose.
Don't you think?
Your plan was to involve
someone who received a decree?
All right, let's move!
HELLBOUND SEASON 2
Move! No, get off me!
No! Get off me!
I confess my sins!
Let me join the demonstration!
Let me join too!
I confess my sins!
The Sodo people are making their way
into the underground passage we secured.
More policemen were dispatched
as a precaution against potential riots.
Things are moving quicker than expected
but within our forecast.
The Resurrected One and Chairman Kim
safely left the scene.
All stations have started reporting
on the incident,
and NTBC is preparing
extensive special coverage.
Where are the Sodo people right now?
They entered Building A
via the exit on the west side.
The exit on the west side of Building A.
I see. All right, good.
Ms. Lee.
Pinwheel started streaming secretly
ten minutes ago.
He's telling the Arrowhead
to enter the main building.
I'll share it on the screen.
Hurry! Come to the main building now!
Today is gonna be one heck of a day.
Please hurry!
- To the main building!
- Let's go!
Pinwheel is calling us!
WHY IS THE ARROWHEAD GATHERING
AT THE NEW TRUTH'S MAIN BUILDING?
They must think law enforcement is a joke.
Who do they think they are?
Charge!
Gather around, everyone!
I should…
appear sooner than planned.
Yes, sir.
A message from Chairman Jung.
He wants to appear sooner than planned.
Okay, got it.
As promised,
we'll take our first step
towards the new beginning
and make a big announcement!
THE CHAIRMAN WANTS TO APPEAR EARLIER
Before we do that,
we need to capture
Kim Jeongchil and Park Jungja.
Fellow members!
We need your help!
Show them what we got!
Cut!
Hey, get me some water.
Chairman Jung, we've found a better place.
Let's go.
All right, let's go!
Mr. Jeong,
is your demonstration in an hour?
In about 56 minutes.
In area A18,
first floor of the outdoor parking lot,
there's a black van.
The key's inside.
The license plate is 3081.
We must rescue Ms. Park
and get to the van in 56 minutes.
Mr. Jeong here will help us escape.
What the hell are you doing now?
Are you using the demonstration subjects?
Isn't rescuing Ms. Park our priority?
Branch leaders wouldn't have agreed
if it weren't for this plan.
Ms. Min.
It's not true at all
that we're being used.
Both Ms. Lee and I agreed to do this.
Please fix this world.
Please don't let our deaths be in vain.
Please.
Ms. Min and I will go rescue Ms. Park.
Mr. Jeong, please stand by in the van.
Okay.
Where is she right now?
Our informant will let us know soon.
Mr. Jeong, you should go ahead.
Okay.
Many people got caught and hurt
in the demonstration.
You'll have to answer for that
when this is over.
I just hope we make it out alive.
Push through!
Make way!
Out of the way!
You bastards!
Stop them. Stop them at any cost!
Sir.
The Arrowhead members
are charging into the main building.
That's…
CULT LEADER
Hello?
Ms. Lee. The Arrowhead is causing havoc.
Please get us out of here.
Right, please calm down first.
We're fully aware of the situation.
We've got a SWAT team nearby.
They'll enter the main building soon.
What's important is that you don't let
the Arrowhead take Park Jungja.
Do you think we want that?
Things are getting out of hand here!
I told you to calm down.
Where are you?
- Where are we?
- Second floor, Building C.
Second floor, Building C.
Pinwheel is now heading
to the first floor of Building A.
Listen carefully.
Head to…
the third floor of Building B.
- Third floor, Building B?
- Yes, go to the end of the hall.
We'll send in a rescue team soon.
Do you understand?
All right, fine.
A rescue team, a SWAT team, or whatever.
Send them now! Fuck!
Did he just say "fuck"?
Yes, he said "fuck."
Now, let's send Sodo over to them.
3RD FLOOR OF BUILDING B, END OF THE HALL
She is at the end
of the third-floor hall, Building B.
Let's move.
This is insane.
Man, what is this place?
What do you think?
Isn't this the perfect place
to announce your return?
This way, sir.
All right, we're going live
in five,
four,
three,
two,
one.
All right!
Let me ask you a question.
Who do you think can cleanse the world
of chaos and sin
and restore God's will?
No one!
Who?
Who could it be? Who?
Kim Jeongchil, the fraud?
Of course not!
The man who first enlightened us
about God's will.
Our world needs him again right now!
Right now, right here!
Chairman Jung.
Our one and only chairman has returned!
Chairman Jung Jinsu is back!
Chairman Jung Jinsu is here right now!
He's waiting for us!
Listen to his words!
Chairman Jung is back!
He's back! Chairman Jung is back!
Sir.
Jung Jinsu, the former chairman,
has shown up.
Right now, I'm standing
at the center of the New Truth.
Even when the current New Truth
led you astray
with false teachings of God's will,
I kept my faith and waited for them
to return to their rightful duties.
However…
I couldn't sit back and watch them
distort God's new message,
the resurrection,
for their own selfish interests.
That's why
I have returned.
Everyone, I would like to meet
Ms. Park Jungja, the Resurrected One.
And just like I did eight years ago,
I wish to present you
with the new, true will of God.
I sincerely ask you.
Please…
let me meet Park Jungja.
Chairman Jung wants to meet
the Resurrected One!
Push through!
To the chairman's office!
Capture Kim Jeongchil!
JUNG IS IN THE MAIN BUILDING
WITH THE ARROWHEAD
What is it?
Jung Jinsu is here.
What?
Kim Jeongchil!
Where are you hiding?
Chairman Jung wants to meet
the Resurrected One!
Search everywhere!
Building B is just around the corner.
KIM SUJEONG
DEMONSTRATION DATE: 8.1.2024
SINS: GROUP ASSAULT, ABETTING MURDER
Jung is looking for Ms. Park Jungja.
We must hurry.
Get him!
It's Min Hyejin!
Let everyone know!
Get them!
Are you all right?
What was that?
What was that gunshot?
Min Hyejin showed up on the third floor.
Min Hyejin, that bitch.
She always gets in our way.
Where's the end of the hall?
Come this way.
What the hell?
- Are you sure those lunatics aren't here?
- I'm not too sure.
But I think so.
Go check.
Me?
Go, you dumbass!
Yes, sir.
The world…
What's wrong with her?
She's been like that for a bit.
- What's she saying?
- Something about the world ending.
That goddamn nutcase! For fuck's sake.
Sir, we should move quickly now.
Come on, let's go.
The world…
Who are you?
Hurry. Get down there.
We asked a question.
Who are you? Are you a deacon?
No, I'm just…
I'm just a janitor here.
- Janitor?
- Yes.
- Should we let him go?
- Hang on. Let me ask first.
We've got someone here.
He says he's a janitor.
A janitor?
How old does he look?
Shit, he's an old man. Just let him go.
Wait.
Yes, sir?
Tell them…
to search the man.
Yes, sir.
Hey, search him just to be sure.
Okay.
Hey, grab him.
Stay still.
I don't have anything.
Wait, that's…
What's the timer for?
That's when I get off work.
Timer?
He set a timer?
He must've received a decree.
Sorry?
"A decree"?
Sodo is using sinners right now.
How much time is left on his timer?
How much time is left?
About 42 minutes.
The demonstration is in 42 minutes.
That's when they will take Park Jungja.
Tell them to bring him here.
Yes, sir.
Hey, bring him here right now.
That bastard is from Sodo.
Hey.
He is from Sodo.
Let's go!
Have you located Park Jungja yet?
No. We have members
searching for her everywhere.
The public's reaction
to Jung Jinsu's appearance
is quite concerning.
The police command is failing,
and civilians are in the way
of the riot police.
It would be difficult
to arrest Jung Jinsu in public.
At this point,
taking strong measures
against the Arrowhead
would negatively affect public opinion.
We should halt the operation
and call it a conflict between Sodo,
the New Truth, and the Arrowhead.
Not yet.
We just need to get Park Jungja out.
We can deal with the rest once she's out.
Third floor, end of the hall!
Where are they?
Where are they? Where's the rescue team?
- Where's the rescue team?
- I'll look for them, sir!
Where the fuck are they?
Where's Kim Jeongchil?
Where is he?
That's Kim Jeongchil over there!
- Come on, hurry!
- Come on!
Close the door now!
- The Resurrected One is here!
- Stop them!
Fuck. Get her!
Don't let her get away!
- We found the Resurrected One.
- Okay.
Chairman Jung, we're going back live.
- Let's go.
- Yes, sir.
Let's move out!
Hey! You crazy bitch!
We're doing all this crap because of you!
Don't try too hard.
What?
The world is already over anyway!
That crazy bitch!
Ms. Park Jungja. Are you all right?
Min Hyejin, you fucking bitch.
I should've killed you myself
instead of leaving it to the Arrowhead.
- He went that way! Get him!
- That way!
This time,
I'll leave you with the Arrowhead.
What?
It's Kim Jeongchil!
Min Hyejin is over there!
Get him!
There she is!
Go on ahead!
Pick up!
Hello?
The rescue team! Where's the rescue team?
Chairman Kim Jeongchil.
Where's Park Jungja?
I don't fucking know!
Min Hyejin took her.
Just forget her and get me out, okay?
How influential is Kim Jeongchil
within the New Truth?
He doesn't have much influence on his own.
Adviser Ju Cheolhwan wields influence
within the organization.
And Vice Chairwoman Geum Yeongsuk
has a prominent public presence.
He's certainly replaceable.
CULT LEADER
All right. That's good.
Pick up. Come on, pick up!
The man who betrayed God's will!
Kim Jeongchil!
Stop tainting God's will
and confess your sins to Him!
You goddamn cult fanatics.
What would you know about God's will?
I'm the chairman of the New Truth!
I'm the appointed messenger of God!
That's not your fucking place,
you motherfucker!
Jung Jinsu.
Chairman Kim Jeongchil.
Where's Park Jungja?
Jung Jinsu.
Min Hyejin took her.
Find Min Hyejin right now.
Jung Jinsu!
Help me!
Hey!
I know your secret.
I can expose your secret
to the whole world if I want to, okay?
Let go of him.
Go ahead.
What?
Go ahead and say
what you were gonna say.
Jung Jinsu is a sinner!
He received a decree 20 years ago!
He was subjected to demonstration,
went to Hell, and…
Is that all?
For your last words?
All right!
We will now perform good deeds
to repent for your sins.
Everyone!
We're not at liberty
to turn a blind eye to evil!
Everyone! Let's begin. Begin!
Send him to Hell!
Go to Hell!
Punish him!
Jeongchil, you need a good beating!
So that was it.
What Park Jungja was talking about.
Kill him!
Chairman Jung, are you all right?
Sir.
Ms. Park Jungja.
Listen to me! Pull yourself together!
Ms. Park Jungja! It's me, Min Hyejin.
Your lawyer.
Do you remember me?
I'll take you to your children.
The man I was with will be here shortly.
We'll go with him.
Toys.
Something like an elephant.
Sorry?
A place with toys
and something that looks like an elephant…
That's…
where you'll die.
Subtitle translation by: Sung In Jang